Wildfire v2 score fix for grayware (#34190)
demisto/content: Packs/Palo_Alto_Networks_WildFire/ReleaseNotes/2_1_45.md

#### Integrations

##### Palo Alto Networks WildFire v2

> - Fixed an issue where the wrong DbotScore returned for file **grayware** verdict.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue in the bla bla and bla bla commands where a wrong DbotScore was returned for files with a **grayware** verdict.
```
